DEV_ONBOARDING.md, before:

# Developer Onboarding — code-server

This document explains how to get a local developer environment ready and the compliance checks required by the GCP Landing Zone.

Requirements extracted from `GCP-landing-zone`:
- FedRAMP / NIST controls enforced via OPA policies
- Do not store secrets in the repo; use Secret Manager or GitHub Secrets
- Terraform remote state in GCS with CMEK and locking
- VPC Service Controls awareness for networking-dependent tests
- Pre-commit hooks and CI gates (format, lint, security)
- Snyk/Static scans in CI; evidence collection automated

Quick start

1. Clone this repo (already done in workspace):

   git clone https://github.com/kushin77/code-server.git

2. Run local setup script:

```bash
chmod +x ./setup-dev.sh
./setup-dev.sh
```

3. Authenticate to Google Cloud (if you will run cloud commands):

```bash
gcloud auth login
gcloud auth application-default login
```

4. Run pre-commit checks locally:

```bash
pre-commit install
pre-commit run --all-files
```

5. Validate repo-supplied checks (if present):

```bash
./scripts/validate.sh || true
```

Developer obligations
- Always run `pre-commit` before pushing.
- Ensure PRs pass CI (`ci-validate.yml` and `security.yml`).
- Do not check in credentials or Terraform state files.
- Use provided Dockerfile if you need a reproducible containerized dev environment.

Where to get help
- See `GCP-landing-zone/README.md` for platform-specific policy details.
- Open a local issue in `.github/ISSUES` to track onboarding tasks and blockers.

GCP tflint guidance

- We added a minimal `.tflint.hcl` to this repo. For GCP-specific rules, install `tflint` with the `google` plugin and enable recommended rules:

```bash
# install tflint
curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/terraform-linters/tflint/master/install_linux.sh | bash
tflint --init
```

- Example: enable plugin and rules in `.tflint.hcl`:

```
plugin "google" {}
rule "google_compute_instance_no_external_ip" {
   enabled = true
}
```

Commit message:

chore(onboarding): add CODEOWNERS, branch protection guidance, and new developer email

DEV_ONBOARDING.md, after:

# Developer Onboarding — code-server

This document explains how to get a local developer environment ready and the compliance checks required by the GCP Landing Zone.

Requirements extracted from `GCP-landing-zone`:
- FedRAMP / NIST controls enforced via OPA policies
- Do not store secrets in the repo; use Secret Manager or GitHub Secrets
- Terraform remote state in GCS with CMEK and locking
- VPC Service Controls awareness for networking-dependent tests
- Pre-commit hooks and CI gates (format, lint, security)
- Snyk/Static scans in CI; evidence collection automated

Quick start

1. Clone this repo (already done in workspace):

   git clone https://github.com/kushin77/code-server.git

2. Run local setup script:

```bash
chmod +x ./setup-dev.sh
./setup-dev.sh
```

3. Authenticate to Google Cloud (if you will run cloud commands):

```bash
gcloud auth login
gcloud auth application-default login
```

4. Run pre-commit checks locally:

```bash
pre-commit install
pre-commit run --all-files
```

5. Validate repo-supplied checks (if present):

```bash
./scripts/validate.sh || true
```

Developer obligations
- Always run `pre-commit` before pushing.
- Ensure PRs pass CI (`ci-validate.yml` and `security.yml`).
- Do not check in credentials or Terraform state files.
- Use provided Dockerfile if you need a reproducible containerized dev environment.

Where to get help
- See `GCP-landing-zone/README.md` for platform-specific policy details.
- Open a local issue in `.github/ISSUES` to track onboarding tasks and blockers.

Repo controls and protections

- This repository includes a `.github/CODEOWNERS` placeholder; owners should be replaced with the correct GitHub usernames or team handles.
- Follow the branch protection guidance in `.github/BRANCH_PROTECTION.md` — require `CI Validate` status checks and code owner reviews for `main`.


GCP tflint guidance

- We added a minimal `.tflint.hcl` to this repo. For GCP-specific rules, install `tflint` with the `google` plugin and enable recommended rules:

```bash
# install tflint
curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/terraform-linters/tflint/master/install_linux.sh | bash
tflint --init
```

- Example: enable plugin and rules in `.tflint.hcl`:

```
plugin "google" {}
rule "google_compute_instance_no_external_ip" {
   enabled = true
}
```
