.github/ISSUES/006-summarize-next-steps.md, before:

---
title: "Summarize next steps and handoff"
labels: [onboarding]
assignees: []
---

# Summarize next steps

- **Status:** not-started
- **Description:** Produce a concise summary of changes, actions, and verification steps for onboarding and compliance verification.

Checklist:

- [ ] Summarize what was implemented
- [ ] Provide verification commands and expected outputs
- [ ] Note outstanding items and blockers

Summary of work implemented:

 - Pull request with tflint guidance: https://github.com/kushin77/code-server/pull/9 (merged)

Verification commands and expected outcomes:

- Run local setup (installs pre-commit):

```bash
chmod +x ./setup-dev.sh
./setup-dev.sh
```

- Run validation locally (should exit 0 on success):

```bash
./scripts/validate.sh
```

- Run pre-commit manual check:

```bash
pre-commit run --all-files
```

- Create a test PR to exercise CI (CI will fail if checks don't pass):

```bash
git checkout -b test/ci-validate
git commit --allow-empty -m "test: ci validate"
git push -u origin test/ci-validate
# Create PR via GitHub UI or `gh` CLI
```

Outstanding items and recommendations:

- Add `SNYK_TOKEN` to repository secrets for scheduled security scans to run fully.
- If this repo will manage Terraform state or IaC, configure remote state (GCS + CMEK) per `GCP-landing-zone` and add `tflint` to CI.
- Optionally enable evidence collection integrated with the Landing Zone (see `GCP-landing-zone/docs/automation/` for examples).

Done — marking onboarding tasks complete. Close or migrate local issues to real GitHub Issues/PRs as needed.

Commit message:

docs(onboarding): record merged PR #10 and closed issues

.github/ISSUES/006-summarize-next-steps.md, after:

---
title: "Summarize next steps and handoff"
labels: [onboarding]
assignees: []
---

# Summarize next steps

- **Status:** not-started
- **Description:** Produce a concise summary of changes, actions, and verification steps for onboarding and compliance verification.

Checklist:

- [ ] Summarize what was implemented
- [ ] Provide verification commands and expected outputs
- [ ] Note outstanding items and blockers

Summary of work implemented:

 - Pull request with tflint guidance: https://github.com/kushin77/code-server/pull/9 (merged)
 - Pull request with README badges and local CI run instructions: https://github.com/kushin77/code-server/pull/10 (merged)

Closed issues:

- https://github.com/kushin77/code-server/issues/1
- https://github.com/kushin77/code-server/issues/2
- https://github.com/kushin77/code-server/issues/3
- https://github.com/kushin77/code-server/issues/4
- https://github.com/kushin77/code-server/issues/5
- https://github.com/kushin77/code-server/issues/6

Verification commands and expected outcomes:

- Run local setup (installs pre-commit):

```bash
chmod +x ./setup-dev.sh
./setup-dev.sh
```

- Run validation locally (should exit 0 on success):

```bash
./scripts/validate.sh
```

- Run pre-commit manual check:

```bash
pre-commit run --all-files
```

- Create a test PR to exercise CI (CI will fail if checks don't pass):

```bash
git checkout -b test/ci-validate
git commit --allow-empty -m "test: ci validate"
git push -u origin test/ci-validate
# Create PR via GitHub UI or `gh` CLI
```

Outstanding items and recommendations:

- Add `SNYK_TOKEN` to repository secrets for scheduled security scans to run fully.
- If this repo will manage Terraform state or IaC, configure remote state (GCS + CMEK) per `GCP-landing-zone` and add `tflint` to CI.
- Optionally enable evidence collection integrated with the Landing Zone (see `GCP-landing-zone/docs/automation/` for examples).

Done — marking onboarding tasks complete. Close or migrate local issues to real GitHub Issues/PRs as needed.
